Where do you want to run to?
He has a mole behind his ear.
I'm not me I don't have
Mr. Li, I found this in Jiang Liping's room
You say there's a lot of work in a funny family
I have never treated you badly, why do you want to hurt me?
Mr. Ji, Jiang Yuting actually wanted to frame Qin Shiyu
He has always disliked Qin Shiyu
Chen Qing, you bitch, shut up for me
The housekeeper called the police.
Bring Jiang Yuting up
Mr. Ji, I just adore you
I didn't do anything wrong.
Qin Shiyu almost seduced you
He's not a good guy
head
Don't worry, I will leave you.
I'm not this thing
What happened today is that I withdrew
I owe you one.
Since Mr. Ji doesn't trust me, I don't need to continue working here
Doctor Qin, wait a minute
What happened to Dr. Qin today is indeed what our Ogawa did wrong.
I apologize to you for him.
Especially since you saved me today
Dr. Qin, I really like it
I hope you can continue to stay and take care of Ogawa for my sake
Okay? Actually, I'm sorry about what happened to you today.
Sorry.
Stay ok